[Music]
in the Eastern European country of
sokovia the Avengers raid a Hydra
facility commanded by Baron Wolfgang von
Strucker who has been experimenting on
humans using the scepter previously
wielded by Loki they encountered two of
strucker's test subjects twins Pietro
Maximoff who has superhuman speed and
Wanda Maximoff who could manipulate
minds and project energy and apprehend
Strucker while Stark retrieves Loki's
scepter stark and banner discover an
artificial intelligence within the
scepters gem and secretly use it to
complete Starks Ultron global defense
program the unexpectedly sentient Ultron
believing that he must eradicate
humanity to save earth eliminate Starks
AI Jarvis and attacks the Avengers at
their headquarters escaping with the
scepter Ultron uses the resources
instructors sokovia base to upgrade his
rudimentary body and build an army of
robot drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maxime ops who hold stark
responsible for their parents death by
his weapon and go to the base of arms
dealer Ulysses Klaw to obtain wakandan
vibranium the Avengers attack Ultron and
the maximov but Wanda subdued them with
haunting visions causing the Hulk to
rampage until Stark stops him with his
anti Hulk armor a worldwide backlash
over the resulting destruction and the
fears Wanda's hallucinations incited
send the team into hiding at a safehouse
Thor departs to consult with dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination while
Romanoff and banner planned to flee
together after realizing a mutual
attraction
however Nick Fury arrives and encourages
the team to form a plan to stop Ultron
in Seoul ultron forces the team's friend
dr. Helen Cho to use her synthetic
tissue technology together with
vibranium and the scepters gem to
perfect a new body for him as Ultron
uploads himself into the body Wanda is
able to read his mind discovering his
plan for human extinction the maximov's
turn against Ultron Rogers Romanoff and
Barton find Ultron and retrieved the
synthetic body but Ultron captures roam
the Avengers fight amongst themselves
when stark secretly uploads Jarvis who
is still operational after hiding from
Ultron inside the Internet into the
synthetic body Thor returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow one of the six Infinity
stones the most powerful objects in
existence was part of his vision vision
and the maximov accompany the Avengers
to sokovia where Ultron has used the
remaining vibranium to build a machine
to lift a large part of the capital city
skyward intending to crash into the
ground to cause global extinction banner
rescues Romanoff who awakens the Hulk
for the battle the Avengers fight
Ultron's army while fury arrived in a
Helicarrier with Marita Hill James
Rhodes and shield agents to evacuate
civilians Pietro dies when he shields
Barton from gunfire and the vengeful one
abandons her post to destroy Ultron's
primary body which allows one of his
drones to activate the machine the city
plummets but stark and Thor overload the
machine and shatter the landmass in the
aftermath the Hulk unwilling to endanger
Romanoff by being with her departs in a
Quinn jet while the vision confronts
Ultron's last remaining body later with
the Avengers having established a new
base run by fury hill Cho and Selvig
Thor returns to Asgard to learn more
about the forces he suspect some
manipulated recent events at Stark
leaves and Barton retires Rogers and
Romanoff prepared to train new Avengers
Rhodes divisions Sam Wilson and Wanda in
the mid credit scene Thanos dissatisfied
by the failures of his pawns Don's a
gauntlet and vows to retrieve the
Infinity stones himself home dude
you